<<<<<<< HEAD
perso5.s : error not legit
Car.s : error not legit
Gagnant.s : error not legit
ex.s : error not legit
jumper.s : error not legit
bigzork.s : error not legit
fluttershy.s : error not legit
helltrain.s : error not legit
turtle.s : error not legit
zork.s : error not legit
sam_2.0.s : error not legit
doge.s : error not legit
Rainbow_dash.s : error not legit
youforkmytralala.s : error not legit
big_feet.s : error not legit
loose.s : error not legit
mandragore.s : error not legit
gedeon.s : error not legit
terminator.s : error not legit
ultimate-surrender.s : error not legit
_.s : error not legit
salamahenagalabadoun.s : error not legit
Machine-gun.s : error not legit
MarineKing.s : error not legit
Kappa.s : error not legit
Wall.s : error not legit
Misaka_Mikoto.s : error not legit
Varimathras.s : error not legit
justin_bee.s : error not legit
_honeybadger.s : error not legit
skynet.s : error not legit
live.s : error not legit
jinx.s : error not legit
THUNDER.s : error not legit
Asombra.s : error not legit
littlepuppy.s : error not legit
champ.s : error not legit
casimir.s : error not legit
invalid2.s : error not legit
invalid3.s : error not legit
invalid11.s : error not legit
invalid12.s : error not legit
invalid22.s : error not legit
invalid28.s : error not legit
invalid38.s : error not legit
invalid42.s : error not legit
invalid45.s : error not legit
invalid46.s : error not legit
invalid47.s : error not legit
invalid51.s : error not legit
invalid52.s : error not legit
invalid69.s : error not legit
invalid78.s : error not legit
invalid81.s : error not legit
invalid82.s : error not legit
invalid83.s : error not legit
invalid90.s : error not legit
invalid96.s : error not legit
invalid97.s : error not legit
=======
perso5.s : binary diff
42.s : missing an error
Backward.s : missing an error
Octobre_Rouge_V4.2.s : error not legit
Survivor.s : missing an error
barriere.s : error not legit
maxidef.s : error not legit
mortel.s : error not legit
slider2.s : error not legit
tdc3.s : missing an error
tdc4.s : missing an error
toto.s : error not legit
meowluigi.s : error not legit
dubo.s : error not legit
darksasuke.s : error not legit
invalid1.s : missing an error
invalid4.s : missing an error
invalid5.s : missing an error
invalid6.s : missing an error
invalid7.s : missing an error
invalid8.s : missing an error
invalid9.s : missing an error
invalid10.s : missing an error
invalid11.s : binary diff
invalid13.s : missing an error
invalid14.s : missing an error
invalid15.s : missing an error
invalid16.s : missing an error
invalid17.s : missing an error
invalid18.s : missing an error
invalid19.s : missing an error
invalid20.s : missing an error
invalid21.s : missing an error
invalid23.s : missing an error
invalid24.s : missing an error
invalid25.s : missing an error
invalid26.s : missing an error
invalid27.s : missing an error
invalid29.s : missing an error
invalid30.s : missing an error
invalid31.s : missing an error
invalid32.s : missing an error
invalid33.s : missing an error
invalid34.s : missing an error
invalid35.s : missing an error
invalid36.s : missing an error
invalid37.s : missing an error
invalid39.s : missing an error
invalid40.s : missing an error
invalid41.s : missing an error
invalid43.s : missing an error
invalid44.s : missing an error
invalid48.s : missing an error
invalid49.s : missing an error
invalid50.s : missing an error
invalid53.s : missing an error
invalid54.s : missing an error
invalid55.s : missing an error
invalid56.s : missing an error
invalid57.s : missing an error
invalid58.s : missing an error
invalid59.s : missing an error
invalid60.s : missing an error
invalid61.s : missing an error
invalid62.s : missing an error
invalid63.s : missing an error
invalid64.s : missing an error
invalid65.s : missing an error
invalid66.s : missing an error
invalid67.s : missing an error
invalid68.s : missing an error
invalid70.s : missing an error
invalid71.s : missing an error
invalid72.s : missing an error
invalid73.s : missing an error
invalid74.s : missing an error
invalid75.s : missing an error
invalid76.s : missing an error
invalid77.s : missing an error
invalid79.s : missing an error
invalid80.s : missing an error
invalid84.s : missing an error
invalid85.s : missing an error
invalid86.s : missing an error
invalid93.s : missing an error
invalid95.s : missing an error
invalid99.s : missing an error
invalid101.s : missing an error
>>>>>>> 709ba8961ab1a0c093f74ac8acc1a8a3a4af24fd
invalid102.s : error not legit
